PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: March 27 ,2022
Daily Sales (“we” or “us” or “our”) respects the privacy of our users (“user” or “you”). This
Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when
you visit our mobile application (the “App”). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. IF YOU
DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS
THE APP.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason.
We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Last updated” date of this Privacy
Policy. You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of
updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be
deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use
of the App after the date such revised Privacy Policy is posted.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the third-party online/mobile store from which you
install the App or make payments, including any in-game virtual items, which may also
collect and use data about you. We are not responsible for any of the data collected by any
such third party.
COLLECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may collect information about you in a variety of ways. The information we may collect
via the App depends on the content and materials you use, and includes:
Personal Data
We collect and store all personal information related to your App profile, which you
voluntarily give us either upon sign-up or through continued use of the App:
● First and last name
● Nickname
Derivative Data and Uploaded Media
Information our servers automatically collect when you access the App, such as your native
actions that are integral to the App, actions taken when creating entries, editing entries and
uploading media to the App. Any media uploaded in this
fashion, will be collected and stored on our servers. If you wish to change our access or
permissions, please contact us.
Mobile Device Access
We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including
your mobile device’s reminders, and other features. If you wish to change our access or
permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
Mobile Device Data
Device information such as your mobile device ID number, model, and manufacturer,
version of your operating system, phone number, and any other data you
choose to provide.
Push Notifications
We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or the App. If you
wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in
your device’s settings.
Data From Contests, Giveaways, and Surveys
Personal and other information you may provide when entering contests or giveaways
and/or responding to surveys.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
Having accurate information about you permits us to provide you with a smooth, efficient,
and customized experience. Specifically, we may use information collected about you via
the App to:
● Generate a personal profile about you to make future visits to the App more
personalized.
● Monitor and analyze usage and trends to improve your experience with the App.
● Notify you of updates to the App or Site.
● Request feedback and contact you about your use of the App.
● To improve our website and product (we continually strive to improve Reflectly and
the website based on your feedback)
● We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or
other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address
which you have provided.
We will also require you to link either your iTunes Account, ApplePay Account or Google
Play Account with our App if you wish to purchase one of our Premium subscriptions. This
does not give us access to your credit card or banking information, but is needed so that we
can process your purchases/subscriptions.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may share information we have collected about you in certain situations. Your
information may be disclosed as follows:
We will not sell, distribute, or lease your personal information to unrelated third parties
unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may need to send your
personal information to our third-party vendors, who are under contractual obligations to
keep this information confidential. We may also use your personal information to send you
promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you
tell us that you wish this to happen. Finally, if we ever sell Daily Sales, or participate in a
merger or consolidation, and our User data is one of the assets involved in the sale, your
personal information will be part of this sale or transfer.
We may also disclose your personal information:
● To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any
government or regulatory request.
● To enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements, including for billing
and collection purposes.
● If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or
safety of Daily Sales, our customers, or others. This may include exchanging
information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud
protection and credit risk reduction.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your
personal information. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal
information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security
measures are perfect or impenetrable, ar right now,we don't have encryption but in future, 
we will work on thatand no method of data transmission can be
guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. Any information disclosed
online is vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties. Therefore, we
cannot guarantee complete security if you provide personal information.
CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 18
Our service is not intended for children under 18 years of age. No one under the age of 18
may provide any personal information to, or on, the Website. We do not knowingly collect
personal information from children under 18. If you are under 18, do not use or provide any
information on this Website, or on or through any of its features/functionality, make any
purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features that
may be available on this Website, or provide any information about yourself to us, including
your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or username
you may use.
If we learn that we have collected or received personal information from a child under 18
without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we
might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at
sagar.l.lalwani@gmail.com
CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”)
feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about
your online browsing activities monitored and collected. No uniform technology standard
for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not
currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically
communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is
adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a
revised version of this Privacy Policy.
OPTIONS REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
Account Information
You can review and change your personal information by logging into your profile through
the website or App and visiting your account profile page or settings page.
You may also send us an e-mail at sagar.l.lalwani@gmail.com  to request access to, correct or delete
any personal information that you have provided to us. We may not be able to delete your
personal information except by also deleting your user account. We also may not
accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any
law or legal requirement, or cause the information to be incorrect.
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and
information from our active databases. However, some information may be retained in our
files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our
Terms of Use and/or comply with legal requirements.
Emails and Communications
If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails, or other communications from us,
you may opt-out by:
● Contacting us using the contact information provided below.
● Clicking the opt-out button at the bottom of any promotional email you
receive.
If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails, or other communications from
third parties, you are responsible for contacting the third party directly.
BY SUPPLYING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE TO THE
TRANSFER OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION , AND TO THE
PROCESSING OF YOUR INFORMATION IN THE INDIA, SUBJECT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
YOUR CONSENT
By using our site or app, you consent to our privacy policy.
CONTACT US
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
sagar.l.lalwani@gmail.com
